## Wind Speed Analysis Script

This script analyzes wind speed from the output NetCDF file generated by code_saturne. The analysis considers variations in the following parameters. The input NetCDF file is `Farm_calibration_data_IEA15MW.nc`.

## Parameters

- **Surface Roughness Length (z0) [m]**: [1e-5, 1e-3, , 1e-1]
- **Theorical Atmospheric Boundary Layer (ABL_Height) [m]**: [250,1500]

The actual ABL heights are derived from the simulation data, and these heights are specified in the Farm_calibration_data_IEA15MW.nc file.

- **Wind Speed [m/s]**: [10.5]
- **Turbine**: IEA15MW, hub height = 150m and D = 240m
- **TI** at hub height is derived from the code_saturne simulation and specified in the Farm_calibration_data_IEA15MW.nc file.
- **Layout** :
    - Turbine Number : [4, 25, 100]
    - Turbine Layout : [dX5dY5, dX7dY5, dX9dY5]

## NetCDF Files

There are two NetCDF files for each layout in `Result_code_saturne_Farm_calibration_data/farm_result`:

- `flow_field.nc`:  Interpolated flow field at hub height
- `turbine_data.nc`: This NetCDF file contains the disk-averaged velocity, wind direction at the turbine position, and power for all the cases.

Only a subset of the data has been uploaded to GitLab to avoid large files in the repository. The full dataset can be found here:
https://dtudk.sharepoint.com/:f:/r/sites/CL5-2021-D3-02-04-Physicsandaerodynamicsofatmosphericflowofw/Delte%20dokumenter/General/WP4/T4.3/farm_simulations?csf=1&web=1&e=6v28ur

## MeteoFiles

This directory contains the vertical profiles of velocity, temperature, and turbulence for all cases, which are used as inlet conditions for the code_saturne simulation.

## Plot Profiles :

`PlotProfiles_from_flowfield.py`
"""To plot the longitudinal profile at y=0 and transversal profiles for x=5D,10D and 15D for a given case number"""

- Set the Case Number and x position:
   case_number = 5  # Replace this value with the desired case number

`Plot_profil_from_meteo_files.py`
"""This script plots the vertical profiles of velocity, temperature, and turbulence for specified meteo cases.""""
- Set the meteo cases you want to analyze.
- Specify the variable you wish to plot.

`Plot2Dmap_from_interpolated_flowfield.py`
""" Plot flow map from interpolated field """"
 -Set the Case Number
