model_error_database/readme.md, before:

# Contents:
- EDF_datasets: contains the reference data from the different cases. There is a meta.yaml file in each folder manually configured to make running the simulations easier. There is also an analysis_pywake.yaml file in each folder configured currently with the turbopark model
- results_stacked_hh.nc: This is the database of model errors with the reference physical inputs as hub height values
- results_stacked_fullprofile: database of model errors but containing the full vertical profile physical inputs. There is also another coordinate for heights normalized by the hub height for the given wind farm
- scripts and notebooks described below

# Notebooks.
## preprocessing_physical_inputs: 
- optionally look at and print the physical inputs from any particular wind farm folder. 
- Ensure all cases have the same height dimensions by interpolation
- Update boundary layer parameters (BLH, capping inversion etc.) based on temperature profile using ci_fitting function in WAYVE API
- Update turbulence intensity based on TKE and wind speed
- Create a new netcdf file with physical inputs
	
## Checking_outputs:
- After creating the database... we can inspect the dataset and plot the power error vs flow case

## database_EDA:
- looking at the distribution of power error in the dataset vs flow case, and vs individual features. Also looking at correlation between features.

## error_predictor:
- Currently uses hub height physical data
- converts netcdf to a dataframe, with all variables in columns
- tunes xgboost parameters 
- Calculating shap scores in a cross validation loop to investigate the contribution of different features
- Manually selecting certain features based on interpretation of shap plots
- rerunning xgboost with new features and looking at cross validation results for some different metrics

# Scripts:
## run_pywake_sweep: 
- takes in the model parameters we are using as samples, the windIO data for running the pywake api and 
- outputs a database of model errors for a particular case. 
- Model errors are a RMSE value over each wind farm, and are normalized by the rated power for comparison between different wind farms. (effectively in units of capacity factor)

## main.py: 
- combines the datasets from each case into a single dataset.
- There are 2 datasets. One where physical inputs are interpolated to hub height and one where they are not. "results_stacked.nc" and "results_stacked_heights.nc". Heights are normalized by the hub height in the latter


- First version.... database creation is takes quite long and is not yet parallelized or memory efficient

Commit message:

New error_predictor workflow, changed evaluation metric to bias (%), added some initial layout specific metrics to database, initialized utils.py script, added extra plots in EDA script, changed evaluation metric to bias (%), renamed notebooks, changed default model to Bastankhah2014.

model_error_database/readme.md, after:

# Contents:
- EDF_datasets: contains the reference data from the different cases. There is a meta.yaml file in each folder manually configured to make running the simulations easier. There is also an analysis_pywake.yaml file in each folder configured currently with the Bastankhah2014 model
- results_stacked_hh.nc: This is the database of model errors with the reference physical inputs as hub height values
- results_stacked_fullprofile: database of model errors but containing the full vertical profile physical inputs also. There is also another coordinate for heights normalized by the hub height for the given wind farm. This is not currently being used in the predictor.
- scripts and notebooks described below

# Notebooks.
## preprocessing_physical_inputs: 
- optionally look at and print the physical inputs from any particular wind farm folder. 
- Ensure all cases have the same height dimensions by interpolation
- Update boundary layer parameters (BLH, capping inversion etc.) based on temperature profile using ci_fitting function in WAYVE API
- Update turbulence intensity based on TKE and wind speed
- Plotting the difference between old and updated input parameters
- Create a new netcdf file with physical inputs
	
## db_output_analysis:
- After creating the database... we can inspect the dataset and plot the power bias vs flow case
- There is also logic here to calculate layout specific features for each simulation (different wind farms and directions) and append them to the database for use in the predictor

## database_EDA:
- looking at the distribution of power bias in the dataset vs flow case, and vs individual features. 
- Also looking at correlation between features and target.
- Calculating SHAP feature importance scores and visualizing

# Scripts:
## run_pywake_sweep: 
- takes in the model parameters we are using as samples, the windIO data for running the pywake api and 
- outputs a database of model bias (%) for a particular case. 
- Model bias values are in (%) (average error/average power*100)

## main.py: 
- combines the datasets from each case into a single dataset.
- There are 2 datasets. One where physical inputs are interpolated to hub height and one where they are not. "results_stacked.nc" and "results_stacked_heights.nc". Heights are normalized by the hub height in the latter

## error_predictor:
- Currently uses hub height physical data
- Preprocessing data, changing to a Pandas dataframe format and splitting features and target
- Dimension reduction (currently this is via manual feature selection)
- Training the model using a pipeline object
- Cross val scores from both linear regression and xgboost pipeline objects are stored in csvs

The aim is to create an automated process from this, but for now the steps are:
- Run 1-preprocessing_physical_inputs.ipynb
- Run 2-main.py
- Run db_output_analysis.ipynb:
- Look at db_EDA.ipynb to identify features to exclude
- Enter features in error_predictor.py
