result_code_saturne_1WT_LIGHT/README.md, before:

**Warning**
This directory contains an example of how the data is structured, featuring a single case out of the 108 available cases. The complete dataset can be found in the 'General/WP4/T4.3' directory on the FLOW Teams


## Wind Speed Analysis Script

This script analyzes wind speed from the output NetCDF file generated by `code_saturne`. The analysis considers variations in the following parameters. The input NetCDF file is `1WT_calibration_data_IEA15MW.nc`.

## Parameters

- **Surface Roughness Length (z0) [m] **: [1e-5, 1e-4, 1e-3, 1e-2, 1e-1, 1]
- **Theorical Atmospheric Boundary Layer (ABL_Height) [m]**: [100, 250, 500, 750, 1000, 1250, 1500, 1750, 2000]

The actual ABL heights are derived from the simulation data, and these heights are specified in the 1WT_calibration_data_IEA15MW.nc file.

- **Wind Speed** [m/s] **: [8, 10.5]
- **Turbine**: IEA15MW, hub height = 150m and D = 240m
- **TI** at hub height is derived from the code_saturne simulation and specified in the 1WT_calibration_data_IEA15MW.nc file.  

## NetCDF Files

There are two NetCDF files for data results:

- `flow_field.nc`: Unstructured flow field at hub height for the whole domain.
- `turbine_data.nc`: This NetCDF file contains the disk-averaged velocity, wind direction at the turbine position, and power for all the cases.

## MeteoFiles

This directory contains the vertical profiles of velocity, temperature, and turbulence for all cases, which are used as inlet conditions for the code_saturne simulation.

## Plot Profiles : 

`PlotProfiles_from_flowfield.py
"""To plot the longitudinal profile at y=0 and transversal profiles for x=5D,10D and 15D for a given case number"""

- Set the Case Number and x position:
   case_number = 5  # Replace this value with the desired case number

`plot_profil_from_meteo_files.py`
"""This script plots the vertical profiles of velocity, temperature, and turbulence for specified meteo cases.""""
- Set the meteo cases you want to analyze.
- Specify the variable you wish to plot.


## Remarks

- All simulations for an Atmospheric Boundary Layer (ABL) height of 100 meters show a wake that is slightly misaligned. The reason for this is that for low ABL heights, the vertical gradient of wind direction is very strong. This makes it challenging to select the appropriate hub height, specifically where the wind direction is exactly 270°.

Commit message:

Update with interpolated data from new postprocesing code_saturne postpro script

result_code_saturne_1WT_LIGHT/README.md, after:

**Warning**
This directory contains an example of how the data is structured, featuring a single case out of the 108 available cases. The complete dataset can be found in the 'General/WP4/T4.3' directory on the FLOW Teams


## Wind Speed Analysis Script

This script analyzes wind speed from the output NetCDF file generated by `code_saturne`. The analysis considers variations in the following parameters. The input NetCDF file is `1WT_calibration_data_IEA15MW.nc`.

## Parameters

- **Surface Roughness Length (z0) [m]** : [1e-5, 1e-4, 1e-3, 1e-2, 1e-1, 1]
- **Theorical Atmospheric Boundary Layer (ABL_Height) [m]** : [100, 250, 500, 750, 1000, 1250, 1500, 1750, 2000]

The actual ABL heights are derived from the simulation data, and these heights are specified in the 1WT_calibration_data_IEA15MW.nc file.

- **Wind Speed** [m/s] **: [8, 10.5]
- **Turbine**: IEA15MW, hub height = 150m and D = 240m
- **TI** at hub height is derived from the code_saturne simulation and specified in the 1WT_calibration_data_IEA15MW.nc file.  

## NetCDF Files

There are two NetCDF files for data results:

- `flow_field.nc`: Unstructured flow field at hub height for the whole domain.
- `flow_field_interpolated.nc`: Interpolated flow field at hub height for a domain with x-range from -1000 to 5000 and y-range from -2000 to 2000.
- `turbine_data.nc`: This NetCDF file contains the disk-averaged velocity, wind direction at the turbine position, and power for all the cases.

## MeteoFiles

This directory contains the vertical profiles of velocity, temperature, and turbulence for all cases, which are used as inlet conditions for the code_saturne simulation.

## Plot Profiles : 

`PlotProfiles_from_flowfield.py`
"""To plot the longitudinal profile at y=0 and transversal profiles for x=5D,10D and 15D for a given case number from unstructure grid """
   - Set the Case Number and x position

`plot_profil_from_meteo_files.py`
"""This script plots the vertical profiles of velocity, temperature, and turbulence for specified meteo cases.""""
   - Set the meteo cases you want to analyze.
   - Specify the variable you wish to plot.

`PlotProfil_from_interpolated_flowfield.py `
"""To plot the longitudinal profile at y=0 and transversal profiles for x=5D,10D and 15D for a given case number from interpolated data """
   - Set the Case Number and x position

`Plot2Dmap_from_interpolated_flowfield.py`
""" Plot flow map from interpolated field """"
   - Set the Case Number 

## Remarks

- All simulations for an Atmospheric Boundary Layer (ABL) height of 100 meters show a wake that is slightly misaligned. The reason for this is that for low ABL heights, the vertical gradient of wind direction is very strong. This makes it challenging to select the appropriate hub height, specifically where the wind direction is exactly 270°.
